doc: stm32wb5mm_dk: Fix reported typos (#68202)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/stm32wb5mm_dk/doc/stm32wb5mm_dk.rst

To operate bluetooth on STM32WB5MMG, Cortex-M0 core should be flashed with
a valid STM32WB Coprocessor binaries (either 'Full stack' or 'HCI Layer').
These binaries are delivered in STM32WB Cube packages, under
``Projects/STM32WB_Copro_Wireless_Binaries/STM32WB5x/``.

For compatibility information with the various versions of these binaries,
please check `modules/hal/stm32/lib/stm32wb/hci/README`_
in the ``hal_stm32`` repo.

> Note that since STM32WB Cube package V1.13.2, `"full stack"` binaries are not
> compatible anymore for a use in Zephyr and only `"HCI Only"` versions should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that since v1.13.2 of STM32WBCube package, `"full stack"` binaries are no
longer compatible for use in Zephyr and only `"HCI Only"` versions should be
```

Flashing
========

STM32WB5MM-DK has an on-board ST-Link to flash and debug the firmware on the
module.

> Flashing ``hello_world`` application to STM32WB5MM-DK
> ------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flashing ``hello_world`` application to STM32WB5MM-DK
-----------------------------------------------------
```
